K8SPSMDB-396 document how to use Red Hat Marketplace (#585)
percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator: source/openshift.rst

Install Percona Server for MongoDB on OpenShift
===============================================

Installing Percona Server for MongoDB on OpenShift includes two steps:

* Installing the Percona Operator for Percona Server for MongoDB,

> * Using the Operator to make actual Percona Server for MongoDB installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Install Percona Server for MongoDB using the Operator.
```

Install the Operator
--------------------

You can install Percona Operator for Percona Server for MongoDB on OpenShift using the `Red Hat Marketplace <https://marketplace.redhat.com>`_ web interface or using the command line interface.

Install the Operator via the Red Hat Marketplace
************************************************

1. login to the Red Hat Marketplace and register your cluster `following the official instructions <https://marketplace.redhat.com/en-us/workspace/clusters/add/register>`_.

2. Go to the `Kubernetes Operator for Percona Server for MongoDB <https://marketplace.redhat.com/en-us/products/percona-server-for-mongodb>`_ page and click the `Free trial` button:

   .. image:: img/marketplace-operator-page.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Percona Operator for Percona Server for MongoDB on Red Hat Marketplace

   Here you can "purchase" the Operator for 0.0 USD.

> 3. When finished, chose ``Worspace->Sofware`` in the system menu on the top and chouse the Operator:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. When finished, chose ``Workspace->Software`` in the system menu on the top and choose the Operator:
```
